this said you're only from Sunday we're
calm on this my great pleasure to chat
to Rory from mrs. Brown's boys d'movie
hi-dee-hi fantastic I don't know if
happened hurt quite by accident an actor
left on a train driver believe it or not
and he was playing the character roaring
randomly did an actor within two days
and he said to me you know dalliances
that you can fill in so I did I am the
case it needs moisture so I didn't have
the time we live now and you're stealing
the show in the movie see this folks a
mankini CD was I read they're going to
laugh I just article to empty the cinema
one or two go this evening the mankini
but there you go
telephoto heavy vacuum about that came
about because and Brandon said he was
going to do where people had a scene in
mind for Rory in the mankini and I
initially I was going to say forget
about it under no circumstances am I
getting into a mankini but then I caught
you in movies the Chapo's not only bits
of scenes the chopper old scenes but
tell if I'm in a mankini if I gonna keep
that in and I've never been in a movie
before so I said I do and when it was
finished the scene was finished the
director said how do you feel a nice
time in the movie cuz I just knew that
scene no matter what they were going to
cut out they were gonna keep that so and
it's that journey just let your back
side or do you know yet something that's
all had your first name happy fraud site
I thought I'd get away with it wound up
and down darling my own beats because I
had a hat on a swimmin house with all
different like flowers and stuff and
that time no one's gonna recognize
people don't walk goodbye with the dogs
but how are you reporting Aurora bus
even in a mankini and a babe miss women
other people still you it was made by
the movies fantastic yeah I'm trying to
see if I haven't seen the chest I'm
dying to see I've one up on everyone
it's fantastic I've seen it is hilarious
it's poignant it really drawls say
people into Dublin City as well good I'm
tired to see us daddy thanks very much
about everything you were a very first
one that ever supposed is compacted
about 1994 we started out a 30 members
with a great format
you make me feel okay I know myself
thanks very stars